http://www.imagehosting.com/

ImageHosting.com provides a free hosting and sharing service for photos. Users of this service may upload as many digital images as they wish within the limits of their accounts. Users may display the uploaded images and galleries in online auctions, forum posts, online profiles, and personal webpages.

By accessing this website, uploading an image, or creating account, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions.

You may only sign-up for one Image Hosting account. Members creating more than one upload account may have their accounts deleted and all images and galleries removed.

You must not upload any images containing material that is of an adult nature, illegal, defamatory, promotes racism, hatred or discrimination. Images that promote products or services for commercial gain, other than personal online auctions, may not be uploaded.

Any images found to break these terms and conditions will be removed without warning. Anyone uploading an image that violates our terms may be banned from using this site without prior notice. We reserve the right to delete any uploaded image or user account.

This service is offered to those seeking personal, not business, hosting. If an image uses excessive bandwidth we may delete the image without prior notice and, at our discretion, suspend or terminate the account. For-profit businesses can afford their own hosting and we ask that our resources be used for personal purposes only.

You must own the copyright, or have permission from the copyright holder, for any images you upload to ImageHosting.com.

All images are the copyright of their respective owners. You may not use any of the images on this website for any purpose without the permission of the copyright holder.

Our service is provided on an "as is, as available" basis. We give no warranty, expressed or implied, for the services provided, including, without limitation, warranty of merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. This no warranty expressly includes any reimbursement for losses of income due to disruption of service by the provider or its providers beyond the fees paid by client to provider for services.

All user information will be kept private. We will not share a user's personal information, including email address, to any third party without the user's prior permission. However in the case of illegal images, we may release the uploader's personal information and IP address to the appropriate third parties or law enforcement agencies.

If you believe one of our members has uploaded images to our site that break our Terms and Conditions please Contact Us so we can take the appropriate action. Alternatively, you may click the "Report Image" link on the image's view page to send us a message.

Please read our Frequently Asked Questions for further information. 
